docs: Mention the xUnit.net v3 module (package) (#1442)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/test_frameworks/xunit_net.md

# Testing with xUnit.net

The [Testcontainers.Xunit](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Testcontainers.Xunit) and [Testcontainers.XunitV3](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Testcontainers.XunitV3) packages simplify writing tests with containers in [xUnit.net](https://xunit.net). By leveraging xUnit.net's [shared context](https://xunit.net/docs/shared-context), this package automates the setup and teardown of test resources, creating and disposing of containers as needed. This reduces repetitive code and avoids common patterns that developers would otherwise need to implement repeatedly.

To get started with xUnit.net v3, add the following dependency to your project file:

```shell title="NuGet"
dotnet add package Testcontainers.XunitV3
```

> If you use xUnit.net v2, add the following dependency to your project file:

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
To get started, add the following dependency to your project file for xUnit.net v3:

```shell title="NuGet"
dotnet add package Testcontainers.XunitV3
```

Or, if you're using xUnit.net v2:
~~~

## Creating a shared test context

> Sometimes, creating and disposing of a test resource can be an expensive operation that you do not want to repeat for every test. By inheriting from the `ContainerFixture<TBuilderEntity, TContainerEntity>` class, you can share the test resource instance across all tests within the same test class, or even within the assembly, if you use xUnit.net V3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, creating and disposing of a test resource can be an expensive operation that you do not want to repeat for every test. By inheriting from the `ContainerFixture<TBuilderEntity, TContainerEntity>` class, you can share the test resource instance across all tests within the same test class, or even within the assembly.
```

Doesn't it work with v2 as well (using the [assembly annotation](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet/issues/1262#issuecomment-2817328066))?

Author: The second paragraph of https://xunit.net/docs/shared-context#assembly-fixture explicitly states it is new in v3, but there is https://github.com/xunit/samples.xunit/tree/main/v2/AssemblyFixtureExample which shows how to build a custom runner to support it in v2. The experience is IMHO not as good as it is in v3 though.

Are you still in favour of removing `if you use xUnit.net V3`? We could also go `if you use xUnit.net V3 or an appropriate extension`

Reviewer: Ah, I think I mixed it up with collection fixtures. Thanks.

e878f0b8f4bc   testcontainers/ryuk:0.9.0   "/bin/ryuk"              3 seconds ago
```

> To use a single container-fixture throughout all tests of a xUnit v3 test-assembly, you can use `[assembly: AssemblyFixture(typeof(YourContainerFixture))]`. The instance can then be used as a constructor-parameter like above, or be accessed through `TestContext.Current.GetFixture` in all tests of said test-assembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a single container fixture across all tests in xUnit.net, add the `[assembly: AssemblyFixture(typeof(TContainerFixtureEntity))]` annotation to your fixture class. The fixture can then be injected into test class constructors (as shown above), or accessed using the `TestContext.Current.GetFixture<TContainerFixtureEntity>()` method (v3 only) in any test.
```

Author: `all tests in xUnit.net` sounds wrong to me, as it is your assembly building on top of xUnit.net. This also does feel related to how we decide in https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet/pull/1442/files#r2070470394

`annotation to your fixture class` is ok with me, but not a 100% accurate. It is an assembly-annoataion refering to the fixture.
